add documentation on Module CI and Module Github Workflow (#74)
cloudeteer/terraform-governance: docs/Module - CI.md

Reviewer: We Should now add the context "Workflow" to the files. So `Module - Workflows.md` for over all documentation and `Module - Worfklow CI.md`, `Module - Worfklow Github.md` respectively.

Reviewer: the overall documentation might be the usage part and the sub documents may be for detailed "How we do it"-verbally description.

# Module CI

Use the following GitHub workflow to make use of the `module-ci.yaml` reusable workflow. This workflow should be use in every module repository.

Filename: `./github/workflows/module-ci.yaml`

```yaml
name: module-ci
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main
  pull_request:
    types:
      - opened
      - edited
      - synchronize
      - labeled
      - unlabeled
jobs:
  module-ci:
    uses: cloudeteer/terraform-governance/.github/workflows/module-ci.yaml@main
    permissions:
      contents: write
      pull-requests: read

> ```

Reviewer: the scope of this part is the usage from outside of this repository in our module repositories

Reviewer 2: I agree with @lixhunter; it’s helpful to have a working example here demonstrating how to use the reusable workflow module-ci.yaml. At a minimum, we should include a link to the workflow in the module-templates repository. However, I think including a snippet of the YAML workflow here is valuable as it provides a quick, clear example of how to use our reusable workflow.

> ## Module CI 

Reviewer: the usage for module repositories is missing

> ### Purpose 

Reviewer: this represents the what. maybe include the why.

> - `ARM_TENANT_ID`: Azure tenant ID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It requires the following secrets, which are needed for the remote test, which deploys Azure resources to a specific Azure subscription. Instead of using a client secret, an Azure Managed Identity with workflow federation is utilized for deployment:

- `ARM_CLIENT_ID`: Azure Client ID
- `ARM_SUBSCRIPTION_ID`: Azure Subscription ID
- `ARM_TENANT_ID`: Azure Tenant ID

> 5.  Test : Runs Terraform tests in various environments via the [`module-ci-test.yaml`](https://github.com/cloudeteer/terraform-governance/blob/main/.github/workflows/module-ci-test.yaml) workflow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5.  Test : Runs various Terraform tests, including local unit tests and remote real-world deployments, using the [`module-ci-test.yaml`](https://github.com/cloudeteer/terraform-governance/blob/main/.github/workflows/module-ci-test.yaml) workflow
```

## Module CI Validate 
 File : [`.github/workflows/module-ci-validate.yaml`](https://github.com/cloudeteer/terraform-governance/blob/main/.github/workflows/module-ci-validate.yaml)

### Purpose 
This workflow validates Terraform configurations to ensure they are syntactically correct, formatted properly, and meet validation standards.

### Steps 
1.  Repository Checkout : Clones the repository for validation
2.  Fetch Terraform Version : Determines the required Terraform version using a custom action
3.  Terraform Setup : Installs and configures Terraform based on the required version
4.  Terraform Initialization : Runs `terraform init` with `-backend=false` to skip backend configuration
5.  Format Check : Ensures consistent code style using `terraform fmt`

> 6.  Validation : Checks the validity of Terraform configurations using `terraform validate`

Reviewer 2: I believe this provides too much detail (both here and in the subsequent `### Steps` sections). There’s no need to document every step a job executes. Doing so would require updating the documentation every time the execution steps change, which creates unnecessary overhead. If someone wants to know the details of each step, they can simply open the workflow YAML file and review it there.

---

## Module CI Lint 
 File : [`.github/workflows/module-ci-lint.yaml`](https://github.com/cloudeteer/terraform-governance/blob/main/.github/workflows/module-ci-lint.yaml)

### Purpose 
The `module-ci-lint` workflow ensures that Terraform configurations adhere to best practices using TFLint, a linter specifically designed for Terraform.

### Steps 
1.  Repository Checkout : Clones the repository for linting
2.  Fetch Terraform Version : Identifies the Terraform version needed for linting
3.  Terraform Setup : Installs and configures Terraform for compatibility with TFLint
4.  TFLint Configuration Sync : Pulls TFLint configuration files from the governance repository to ensure consistency across projects
5.  TFLint Setup : Installs and initializes TFLint, including plugins
6.  Lint Execution : Runs TFLint checks on Terraform configurations, including module examples, to ensure compliance with defined rules

---

## Module CI Documentation 
 File : [`.github/workflows/module-ci-documentation.yaml`](https://github.com/cloudeteer/terraform-governance/blob/main/.github/workflows/module-ci-documentation.yaml)

### Purpose 

> This workflow automates the generation and validation of Terraform module documentation using `terraform-docs`. It ensures that documentation is consistent with the module's actual configuration.

Reviewer 2: The documentation generation isn't automated by this workflow, it's validated by it.

```suggestion
This workflow validates the Terraform module documentation using `terraform-docs`. It ensures that documentation is consistent with the module's actual configuration.
```

3.  Configuration Sync : Fetches the shared `terraform-docs.yaml` configuration file from the governance repository
4.  Configuration Validation : Compares the local and shared `terraform-docs.yaml` files to detect inconsistencies
5.  Documentation Validation : Uses `terraform-docs` to validate the documentation and ensure it reflects the module's current configuration.

---

## Module CI Code Analysis 
 File : [`.github/workflows/module-ci-code-analysis.yaml`](https://github.com/cloudeteer/terraform-governance/blob/main/.github/workflows/module-ci-code-analysis.yaml)

### Purpose 
The `module-ci-code-analysis` workflow scans Terraform configurations for misconfigurations and secrets using Trivy, a powerful security and configuration analysis tool.

### Steps 
1.  Repository Checkout : Clones the repository to analyze its contents
2.  Misconfiguration and Secret Scanning : Uses Trivy to detect issues such as misconfigurations, exposed secrets, and other high-severity vulnerabilities

---

## Module CI Test 
 File : [`.github/workflows/module-ci-test.yaml`](https://github.com/cloudeteer/terraform-governance/blob/main/.github/workflows/module-ci-test.yaml)

### Purpose 

> This workflow runs Terraform tests in different environments (examples, local, and remote) to ensure that module configurations function as intended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This workflow runs Terraform tests (examples, local, and remote) to ensure that module configurations function as intended.
```
